We’re in the news! 120 candidates, 17 precincts: The Brookline.News guide to the 2025 Town Meeting election - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/guide-to-the-2025-town-meeting-election/

Town meeting, 3-Year Term Candidates Plan Your Vote | VOTE411, Pick Esther, Elise, Meg, and Lauren!
https://www.vote411.org/plan-your-vote

Town Meeting, 1-Year Term Candidates Plan Your Vote | VOTE411, Pick Colleen!
https://www.vote411.org/plan-your-vote

Meet the candidates for Select Board, in a race dominated by debate over development - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/meet-the-candidates-for-select-board-in-a-race-dominated-by-debate-over-development/

Meet the candidates in a crowded race for School Committee - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/meet-the-candidates-in-a-crowded-race-for-school-committee/

School Committee notes: FY26 budget gap reduced to $1.7 million - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/school-committee-notes-fy26-budget-gap-reduced-to-1-7-million/

RE: What to know about the town’s plan for bike lanes on Chestnut Hill Avenue - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/re-what-to-know-about-the-towns-plan-for-bike-lanes-on-chestnut-hill-avenue-2/

In new guaranteed income pilot, some Brookline Housing Authority residents will get direct monthly payments - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/in-new-guaranteed-income-pilot-some-brookline-housing-authority-residents-will-get-direct-monthly-payments/

School Committee approves $3m in cuts, rejects arts reductions as hundreds pack Town Hall - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/school-committee-approves-3m-in-cuts-rejects-arts-reductions-as-hundreds-pack-town-hall/

Town officials seek greater oversight of school finances amid budget crisis - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/town-officials-seek-greater-oversight-of-school-finances-amid-budget-crisis/

School Committee eliminates Office of Educational Equity, rejects hybridization of food services - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/school-committee-eliminates-office-of-educational-equity-rejects-hybridization-of-food-services/

With schools in financial crisis, questions mount about superintendent's performance - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/with-schools-in-financial-crisis-questions-mount-about-superintendents-leadership/

Town budget proposal avoids service cuts, as school funding decisions await - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/town-budget-proposal-avoids-major-cuts-to-services-as-school-funding-decisions-await/

Town agrees to pay $1.8 million settlement to police officer who alleged retaliation, discrimination - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/town-agrees-to-pay-1-8-million-settlement-to-police-officer-who-alleged-retaliation-discrimination/

Property tax hike hits apartment buildings hardest, may impact renters - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/property-tax-hike-hits-apartment-buildings-hardest-may-impact-renters/

News in brief: New rental assistance available, town gets $100k for climate plan, Goddard House plans an upgrade - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/news-in-brief-new-rental-assistance-available-town-gets-100k-for-climate-plan-goddard-house-plans-an-upgrade/

Brookline group aims to fund equity positions cut by School Committee - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/brookline-group-plans-to-fund-equity-positions-cut-by-school-committee/

What to know about the town's plan for bike lanes on Chestnut Hill Avenue - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/what-to-know-about-the-towns-plan-for-chestnut-hill-avenues-bike-lanes/

Police chief, immigration advocate and civic leader named Brookline's 'Women of the Year' - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/three-women-each-providing-a-unique-contribution-to-the-community-are-brooklines-women-of-the-year/

Select Board to negotiate new contract with police chief Paster - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/select-board-to-negotiate-new-contract-with-police-chief-paster/

News in brief: Recreation Department awarded for equity initiative, Chamber seeking votes on businesses of the year - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/news-in-brief-recreation-department-awarded-for-equity-initiative-chamber-seeking-votes-on-businesses-of-the-year/

Town Meeting emails: March 3 - March 23 - Brookline.News
https://brookline.news/town-meeting-emails-march-3-march-23-2025/